 # camera calibration - The process of estimating the parameters of a camera is called camera calibration.
we have all the information (parameters or coefficients) about the camera required to determine an accurate relationship between a 3D point in the real world and its corresponding 2D projection (pixel) in the image captured by that calibrated camera.

Typically this means recovering two kinds of parameters

    Internal parameters of the camera/lens system. E.g. focal length, optical center, and radial distortion coefficients of the lens.
    External parameters : This refers to the orientation (rotation and translation) of the camera with respect to some world coordinate system. 
    
 # Camera Calibration using OpenCV ->
 	to find the projection of a 3D point onto the image plane, we first need to transform the point from world coordinate system to the camera coordinate system using the extrinsic parameters (Rotation{R} and Translation{t}). 


one of the key problems in computer vision is recovering the 3D structure of a scene from its images.

we have a scene that defined in the world coordinate frame when we reconstructed the scene we would like to know where each point lies in the world coordinate frame say as in milimeters.
but what we have is the disposal are images of the scene where points are mesured in terms of pixels.
in order to go from images to full matrix reconstuction we need two things - 
	1. the first is position of the camera with respect to world coordinate frame this are refered as the external parameters of the camera.
	2. and then we wanna know how the camera maps via perspective projection point in the world onto ints image plane this are refered as internal parameters of the camera (such as its focal length).
	
so determining the external and internal parameters of the camera is refered as camera calibration.


so we are gonna develop a method for estimating the external and internal parameters of the camera.

before we can do doing this we first need a model of the camera and this is what we refered as camera model or a forward imaging model.
	Linear Camera model - which takes a point in 3D to its projection in pixels in the image. linear model is a single matrix called a projection matrix.
	
so now projection matrix in place we develop a camera calibration method.
	camera calibration - we take a single picture of an object of a known geometry this is what we need to fully camera calibrate the camera in other words to determine the projection matrix.

Extractiing Intrinsic and Extrinsic Matrices - once we have detrmine the projection matrix we can actually tear it apart to figure out both the internal parameters of the camera and the external parameters of the camera
						this are called Intrinsic and Extrinsic Matrices.

at this point the camera is fully calibrated.


how we use a calibrated camera to reconstuct a 3D scene -> Example application: simple stereo
	
	
comprehensive model of a camera for this we are gonna discuss called -> forward imaging model: witch takes from 3D to 2D.

